# CS-255-H7393-System-Analysis-and-Design
The client of this project is DriverPass. They want to create a website that provides better training for new student drivers through hands-on, online classes, and tests to ensure their readiness for driving tests as well as increasing their success level of passing the driving tests.
It was a new experience for me to be exposed to the process of collecting documents and designing different kinds of diagrams that described the final goal of the designed system. It taught me that there is much more than coding when it comes to developing the software and the design process and collecting the right types of requirements are the crucial parts of system development that can greatly impact the success of the final project.
Since I have not had much previous experience with system design, I would like to expand on the ways of gathering information and practice more to perfect this necessary part of a system design.
Although there are always improvement opportunities, I would say that I am satisfied with my work in these projects, and I captured most of the required and requested user's needs for this project. The user wants the system to be able to handle all their needs. If the designed system does not operate the way that the client wants and does not provide the client's requested needs, they practically become useless to the client.
I would continue building upon the experiences that I acquired in this class. It taught me what it means to be a good system analyst and how to design a system that is suitable for the client's needs. 
